Introduce Engine Upgrade Checklist (#368)
dbl-works/terraform: aws/rds/README.md

aws rds describe-db-engine-versions --engine postgres --engine-version 13 --region us-east-1 --endpoint https://rds.us-east-1.amazonaws.com --output text --query 'DBEngineVersions[*].{Engine:Engine,EngineVersion:EngineVersion}'
```

## RDS Engine Major Version Upgrade

To upgrade your major engine version, follow the checklist:

> 1. Communicate: Notify The Team about the upgrade to expect downtime or interruption.
> 2. On Web UI: Enable Multi-AZ on the DB if not already enabled. Wait until changes are applied.
> 3. On Web UI: Change `DB parameter group` value to be `defautl.postgresX` (where X is postgres version, i.e. `16`). Wait until changes are applied.
> 4. Terraform Script: Update the `rds_engine_version` to the target major version `rds_engine_version = X`.
> 5. On Web UI: Reboot Will be Required. (⚠️ There will be a downtime for a few seconds/minutes, make sure you still have Multi-AZ enabled to reduce the downtime).
> 6. Run `terraform apply`. It should disable the Multi-AZ if not configured.
> 7. Disable Mutli-AZ (As per your setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Communicate: Notify The Team about the upgrade to expect downtime or interruption.
2. On Web UI: If Multi-AZ is not already enabled on the DB, enable it. Wait until the changes are applied.
3. On Web UI, Change the `DB parameter group` value to `default.postgresX` (where X is the PostgreSQL version, i.e., `16`). Wait until the changes are applied. This is required since we have custom parameter groups that AWS can't auto-update.
4. Terraform Script: Update the `rds_engine_version` to the target major version `rds_engine_version = X`.
5. Run `terraform apply`. It should disable the Multi-AZ if not configured.
6. On Web UI: Reboot the RDS Instance (required when changing the parameter group; terraform-apply will create a custom group for the new version). ⚠️ There will be a downtime for a few seconds/minutes; ensure you still have Multi-AZ enabled to reduce the downtime.
7. [optional] revert enabling multi-AZ.
```
